So in the previous video, we added a link element,
and the thing is about that is it's
always going to be there.
And there's gonna be some other meta tags that we always,
like the viewport meta tag, it's the kinda thing that's
always going to be in our document, and not something
that we have to manually add every time,
or manually import every time.
So there is a way, you can customise
the entire document template.
So if you create a new file called document.js
in your project, so in the pages directory
you create a document.js file,
and you need to render this block.
So it's important that the Main element is rendered,
Main component rather, and NextScript component is rendered,
because that's what Next uses to put everything together.
There's an important note in here as well,
that the document.js is only rendered
on the server side and not on the client side.
Things like onClick handlers, any kind of interactivity,
cannot be added at this point.
We're gonna come across getInitialProps later on,
so don't worry about that for the time being.
Here they're using JSX as well.
I'm not using that just at this moment, but what I will do
is just grab this code,
strip out what I don't need, and drop it into our project.
Let's just touch pages, document JS.
Let's get rid of that because we don't want it
at the moment; we'll come onto that later.
And flush, and in here
we're going to put our own, this stylesheet.
There's not a huge benefit to me doing this right now,
in this particular project, but it's to show you
that you can add your own custom template.
In fact, actually I'm gonna do a
meta content equals viewport,
and then value equals...
Oops, sorry.
Name equals viewport. Content equals device-width.
So this kinda thing that I would have in my index pages
by default, and we should see this loading.
So you view source on this, you can see viewport
just in there, tucked away, right?
And it means that it should be...
I should be able to see it in kind of mobile view.
But this is how you add any kind of template content
to your document that you will never have any
interactivity for, or need to change in your next project.
So, the next thing I wanna show you, now that we've
got kinda nice styles in place, is maybe hooking
into Next's rooting system so we can have a nice
transition effect between clicking on pages.
So if you look at the Github website, or even Zeit website,
when you're clicking around the links, there's
a nice kind of, maybe not there, there we go.
Nope, none of them have them anymore.
But they used to have transition loaders.
So some may have seen them in Github; we're gonna add
a transition loader to our project as well.